Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we are going to do in this lecture is immediately a user had a product to their cards.
We want to display a batch over here and the total number of item the user has added to their cards.
To do this, first of all, we have to scroll down.
Scroll down.
Where we have this button on the shopping cart icon and we are going to wrap this icon with a widget
and this widget is going to be a badge, badge and use control and save and go see it now.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Now, currently we have this badge, and even if we do not have any products added to our cards, we
are still going to have this badge.
So what we can do is we can check if we don't have any product added to our cards, then no need to
show any badge or via.
To do this, the badge has a property known as show badge.
And over here we can then call the provider.
Provider, lots of contests and we have to specify it is a type of cards provider.
And those get items.
And now we have to say that is empty.
If it is empty, we then want to.
Set it to false.
For us else we want to set it to.
True.
True is control and has to save and go check it out.
Okay.
And you can see you you can still see this badge.
And the reason for this is we have a product in our cards.
Okay, great.
And also within the budget, it has a property known as badge collar.
And this is going to be close.
The sign is necessary.
Great, great, great, great.
Okay, great.
And what we can then do is we can display the total number of item we have had.
That's our cards.
To do this within the badge, it has a property known as badge content.
And this is going to take in excess widgets.
And since this is it says widgets, we can say card provider dot counts.
Right.
And you can see we are not within the we do not have access to that card provider.
Okay.
So what we can then do is, again, we can call the provider.
Provider.
Dot.
Of contest and the oath.
Sorry, we have to specify.
It is a type of word card provider.
And this is going to be the ticket items and the length to get the total number of items.
We have had that to our cards.
And since this is a number, we have to convert it to a string OC use controller and has to save this
now.
Okay.
And.
Okay, great.
Now you can see currently we are not saying any listing to false and the reason for this is because
we are within the widget tree.
Right.
So currently it is saying this provider as a widget.
The reason we have to set list in is because we are outside the widget tree.
You can see this is we are within the function and this is not a widget.
So we have to set listing to force.
Right.
Okay, great.
And in the future, you are fully going to see the reason why we are setting into force and back to
this.
We could also.
Consequently, we have one item and we could start the test.
And.
Okay.
It ends so we can just add a newcomer and have a star and.
It says.
Style.
We can just change the color to maybe colors don't.
What, maybe font size.
To be 16.
In front with.
Phones with the doors at the chain of command.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Sims Cool.
And let's have another product and this hard.
Okay.
You can see now two K and let's add another.
In this, you can see three walk in and what we can just do is we can change this button to sign as
well.
Okay, touch screen.
Touch screen and scroll down.
Okay.
I am going to change this to change it to sign.
Color is a sign.
So every color is going to match with our app.
Use control and save.
And go check this out.
Okay.
Okay, great.
Looking very nice.
And let's go hard.
Another product.
And I believe we already have that in our card.
And I'm just going to hard on that product to make it for item we have in our card.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, this is it.
And if we don't understand anything, please do well to let me know.
And I'm going to make a video specially for you in order to make it more understandable to you.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.